Regula:
The Hours of singing or reciting according to the Rule of the Most Blessed Isidore, the great Doctor of Spain, and the distinguished confessor Ildephonsus, Bishop of Toledo, are beginning. This is not done as the ancients simply used to follow that Rule, but in a particular way. For in ancient times, twelve Hours were accustomed in the day, as shown in ancient books, in addition to some others which the ancients used at night, namely at the beginning of the night, before going to bed, at the equinox or in the middle of the night, and at the time of rising from bed. However, these have been rejected and cut off by moderns. But moderns follow and exercise it in a manner that will become clear in the process. And since there are few who know how to maintain and arrange the Order of these Hours because of negligence and the carelessness of many, who are concerned only with receiving the revenues of the Church, and because many good buildings easily collapse after a long period of time unless a remedy is applied, a certain unskilled and unworthy Clerk, considering this Holy and most devout Work, and published by such a divine grace from such a great Bishop, lest it should disappear but return to the memory of men, moved and inspired by piety, for the glory and praise of the Trinity, and of Jesus, and of Mary the Mother, and for the honor of the Most Predicted Confessor, and for the enlightenment of present and future Clerics, invoking divine help and with it shining, labored to establish this Norm, as follows, and translated and brought back this Codex from Gothic lettering.


The Hours, whether a feast day or not, always begin with Vespers on the evening before the day; and the start or beginning is made by the invocation of Jesus Christ, preceded by the Lord's Prayer, saying in a low voice: "Lord have mercy, Christ have mercy, Lord have mercy. Our Father." And aloud: "In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, light with peace." R/. "Thanks be to God" from those present. The priest says: "The Lord be with you." R/. "And with your spirit." And the Order of Vespers, whether it is a feast day or not, follows in this manner: First, the Psalm called Vespers is said; when it is finished, the priest says: "The Lord be with you." R/. "And with your spirit." And immediately the Sonus is said, if it is a feast day, for on weekdays it is omitted, except during the time of the Resurrection, when it is said because of the solemnity. When it is finished, "The Lord be with you," as above, and immediately an Antiphon without Alleluia is said, with a verse added, and with "Glory be to the Father" as will be explained below. Again, "The Lord be with you," etc. And immediately another Antiphon with Alleluia is said, called Lauds, with a verse added, and "Glory be to the Father." When these are finished, the Hymn is said. When it is finished, the Supplication or Petition follows, etc. Let us pray to the Redeemer. Immediately the Chapters follow, with the Lord's Prayer succeeding, namely: Our Father. And lead us not into temptation. But deliver us from evil, and let it be said as it is written in the Order of the Hours. And immediately follows the Blessing, with the preceding formula: "Bow down for the blessing." And immediately after, the Praise with a verse attached to it and the Gloria are said. When this is completed, any prayer for Matins may be said, except for the first one which is joined to Matins and is never moved from its proper place. And then the Commemorations are made, which are either customary or added anew. And you should know that in Vespers, you or anyone who wishes to follow this Rule or perform the Office of this Rule should proceed in the manner described above. Although there are many Vesper hymns, antiphons, and praises in the ordering of the histories, only one Vesper psalm, which is the same as one Vesper, and one praise should be said. An antiphon is one which is said without the Alleluia, and a praise is one which is said with the Alleluia. And this is understood in Festivals that do not have Proprieties because in those that do have them, it is necessary to say them in the way prescribed because some Festivals exceed this method in antiphons and prayers. In Matins, it is also to be begun as in Vespers, and then the Matins psalm "Have mercy on me, O God" is said, along with the prayer attached to it, and three antiphons with their prayers immediately follow. Then, the Canticle is said, followed by the Blessing, the Sound, the Praises, the Prophecy, and the Hymn. After that, the Supplication is said, namely "Let us pray to our Redeemer," followed by the Chapters, then the Praise that is said at the end of Vespers, and immediately the Blessing that was said in Vespers is said again, and then the Commemorations are made, unless they are solemn Festivals.(DOUBLE CHECK!!!) After Vespers are finished, "At evening, morning, and noon" is said with its prayer, and in Matins, "To announce the morning" is said with its following prayer. In Compline, "Guard us, O Lord, as the apple of thine eye" is said with its attached prayer, and thus the aforementioned Hours are fulfilled, except on Sundays when there is a different order in the beginning of Matins because we begin and say the hymn "Eternal Maker of all things" with its following prayer after the Sunday prayer "In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ," etc. Then immediately follow the three Psalms, namely "Lord, why have they multiplied?" "Have mercy on me, O God" and "According to," with their antiphons, and then the prayer that follows, and then everything else is done as in the other Matins. And if on the principal Sundays, which are regarded as historical, such as in Advent or Lent or in those that cannot be changed, a Festival should occur, then the Festival should be changed and celebrated on the following day. And if perhaps on the following day another more solemn Feast should occur, let it be said about that one: and let a private celebration be held on the next day. And if that Feast, of which the present celebration is taking place, is more powerful or of greater solemnity than that of which the celebration should be made of this principal Feast, let Vespers be said about it: so that the last Lauds, with the Morning Prayer, are about the future Feast to be celebrated, or about that which is to be celebrated on the following day. And if such Feasts happen, which have an Octave according to the Gregorian Rule, such as the Feast of St. Mary, and St. John, and the Apostles Peter and Paul, and the like, out of reverence for them, on the private days that intervene, the Hours should be celebrated for those solemnities; although not so solemnly; except on the Octave day. And if on that day of the Octave there is a certain Feast, let it be said about the Octave on the previous day. And if perhaps on one day two equal, or almost equal, Feasts occur, such as the Feast of Philip and James, the Feast of St. Torquatius, or the like; the Feast, of which the Proper is held, should be celebrated, unless the Calling of that Feast is in that Church; because that should be celebrated, of which the Calling is held; and on the following day, of the other. And if a Feast occurs on a Sunday, let the Sunday be omitted; because it will have its place sufficiently throughout the year, and let the Feast itself be celebrated on that day. Likewise, you will see about Fasts in their places.